[Autogenerated] Now we can recreate our secrets on AWS.
While the AWS Toolkit for visual studio is extremely rich in features,
it doesn't give you access to any of the systems Manager
features where the parameters are to be stored.
And even though we're not going to use them,
it's good to be aware that it doesn't let you work
with the Secrets manager either.
Therefore,
it's back to the online management console for this
task from the AWS Services list.
You can filter on parameter,
and the filter is smart and have to give you the systems
manager as the service you might want.
So I'll choose that and open up the AWS Systems Manager page.
Even though Systems Manager has a lot of features,
parameter store is right near the top under application management.
So now I'll choose that, and this shows a list of all your existing parameters,
and I already do have some,
which I created for a recent article in Code magazine.
The button to create a new parameter is in the upper right corner of the list.
On the parameter details page,
the first thing you need to do is given name to the
parameter but it's more than a name.
You can group parameters by providing paths.
For example, you can see the previous names I use start with slash code Maggie P.
I.
Then another slash and then the parameter name.
In fact,
I'm using the same parameter names for our demo as I
did for the code magazine demo,
so I'll just use a single path slash plural site slash db password.
Keep in mind that the names are case sensitive.
In fact,
there's a page in AWS stocks that list the
requirements and constraints for parameters.
I'll leave a link to this page in the resource is at the end of the module.
Next, you have to choose from one of the tears and of the two tiers available.
Definitely stick with the pre selected standard tear,
and that gives you up to 10,000 parameters for no additional charge.
The type of parameter to select is interesting.
My very first time,
I left the default option string because my parameter was a strange made sense.
But what you want here is the secure string option.
That way,
the secrets will be encrypted when he select secure
string an additional section pops in,
which is for specifying which key you want to use for encryption.
AWS uses its key management system, or kms, to encrypt keys.
And certainly for this demo you'll want to use your accounts default key.
But it is possible to use another key if you want,
so leave that option, then the key idea is populated with a default.
Allie.
IHS slash ws slash s.
S m and that's also correct, so we don't have to make any changes there.
Finally,
there's the field to add in the parameters value I'll paste
in my super secret database password, and you can actually see the value here,
but I'm blurring it.
Then scroll down to the bottom of the page and click the
create parameter button to wrap this up.
All I really did here was enter the parameter name with its path select,
secure string and paste in the value of the parameter.
And even though my user I D.
Isn't very secretive,
I'll create a parameter for slash plural site slash db user.
Remember, the name is case sensitive, then click secure string again.
Although I guess Deeb user doesn't really need to be
encrypted and type in Julie in the value. Then click the create perimeter button